# Labyrinth

This is the source code for the multiplayer, Game
Gardens adaptation of Ravensburger's classic
game Labyrinth Jr which I created for the Three Rings/SEGA programming
challenge a while back. While there are some minor changes in this version,
the basic game play is the same.

~~You can play the game here.~~ Unfortunately, the Game Gardens website is no longer
online and so the game can no longer be played.

This is a game of problem solving and treasure collection for two to four
players.  Players take turns shifting the maze and then moving their ghosts
around the board.  The goal is to get to your piece to the sparkling treasure
first.

At the beginning of each turn, the player has control of the extra wall piece.
Arrows illuminate the rows and columns where the piece can be inserted into
the maze.  (After the first turn, the wall piece can not be inserted back into
the maze at the point it was pushed out.)  Move the mouse over an arrow and
the piece will appear there. Click it to rotate it 90-degrees clockwise.  Once
the piece is in the desired orientation, click and drag it to insert it into
the maze.

After the maze has been shifted, the player can then follow the newly
connected hallways in an attempt to reach the illuminated treasure. Once the
ghost is positioned at the desired location click it to stop moving and end
the turn.  If the ghost is positioned over the sparkling treasure, it is
collected and the player scores a point. (Landing on a treasure that is not
sparkling has no effect.)

The game ends when all treasure has been collected.  The winner is the player
who has collected the most treasure.

If, as a result of how the maze is shifted, a ghost or treasure piece is
pushed off the map, it immediately appears on the opposite side of the board.

## Credits

Labyrinth Jr. is a registered trademark of Ravensburger.

Part of the graphic tiles used in this program are from the public domain
roguelike tileset [RLTiles](http://rltiles.sf.net).  Some of the tiles have
been modified.
